 I'm going to talk to you about some things I've learned in my journey. Most from experience, some of my hurt and passing, many of my misdeeds practicing, but all of them I do believe are true. Life is not easy, it is not. Don't try to make it that way. Life's not fair, it never was. It is it now and it won't ever be. Do not fall into the trap, the entitlement trap, a feeling like you're a victim. You are not. Get over it and get on with it. The question that we've got to ask ourselves is what success is to us, what success is to you. Is it more money? That's fine. I've got nothing against money. Maybe it's a healthy family. Maybe it's a happy marriage, maybe it's to help others to be famous, to be spiritually sound, to leave the world a little bit better place than you found. Continue to ask yourself that question. Now your answer may change over time and that's fine. But do yourself this faith. Whatever your answer is, don't choose anything that will jeopardize yourself. Prioritize who you are, who you want to be and don't spend time with anything that antagonizes your character. Be brave, take the hill, but first answer that question, what's my hill? For first we have to define success for ourselves. Then we have to put in the work to maintain, take that daily talent, attend our guard, keep the things that are important to us in good shape. Where you are not is as important as where you are. It is just as important where we are not as it is where we are. Look the first step that leads to our identity life is usually not. I know who I am. I know who I am. That's not the first step. The first step is usually I know who I am not. Process of elimination. Defining ourselves by what we are not is the first step that leads us to really knowing who we are. You know that group of friends that you hang out with that really might not bring out the best in you. You know they gossip too much or kind of shady. You really aren't going to be there for you in a pinch. How about that bar? We keep going too that we always seem to have the worst thing on the world. Or that computer screen. I have a computer screen that keeps giving us some excuse not to get out of the house and engage with the world and get some real human interaction. How about that food that we keep eating? Stuff that tastes so good going down. Makes us feel like crap the next week. We feel a target and keep putting on weight. Well those people, those places, those things. Stop giving them your time and energy. Just don't go there. I mean put them down. And when you do this, when you do put them down. You could go there. You could give them your time. You inadvertently find yourself spending more time and in more places that are healthy for you that bring you more joy. Why? Because you just eliminated the who's the where's the what's in the when's that will keep in you from your identity. Look trust me, too many options. I promise you there's too many options will make a tyrant of us all. I'm just getting rid of the excess the wasted time. Decrease your options. If you do this you will have accidentally almost innocent put in front of you what is important to you. My process of elimination. No one who we are is hard. It's hard. Give yourself a break. Eliminate who you are not first. You're going to find yourself where you need to be. Instead of creating outcomes that take from us, let's create more outcomes that pay us back. Fill us up. Keep your fire lit. Turn you on for the most amount of time in your future. We try our best. We don't always do our best. Our architecture is a verb as well. Since we are the architects of our own lives, let's study to habits, practices, routines that we have that lead to N.F.E.D. our success. Our joy, our honest pain, our laughter, our earned tears. Let's dice that and give thanks for those things. And when we do that, guess what happens? We get better at them. And we have more to dice that. Be discerned. Choose it because you want it. Do it because you want to. We're going to make mistakes. You got to own them. Then you got to make a man's. Then you got to move on. Guilt and regret feels many a man who they're dying. So turn the page. Get off the ride. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life. You are the author of the book of your life.