 All Champions ready to face the inventors in their own backyard. India have announced a 15 man squad for the 5 match T20i series, but is it their best with some big names missing in the action? Here's a look at a few who did not make the card. As A-Space surges, Treet Bumra has been arrested from the upcoming 5 match T20i series versus England citing workload management. India's Manathatornament at the 2020-20 workup hasn't featured in any T20i post the epic finale in June 2024. He had a spectacular series down under, picking 32 wickets in the 5 tests to be a judged player of the series. But Bumra couldn't turn up on day 3 of the 5th test in Sydney, going to Backspasm, which eventually proved fatal as India lost the test by 6 swickets. While Muhammad Shami's comeback is music to the ears, India will desperately hope for a fully fit Bumra come the Champion Strophy in February. Another baser missing from the squad is the 5-22 year old Mayankyadav. The Speedster, who had lit up IPL2024, sending in deliveries, clocking north of 155 km per hour, made an impressive international debut in the T20i series against Bangladesh in October last year. But he then missed the T20i series versus South Africa in November and has been out of the action ever since. Currently recovering from a back injury in the BCCI centre of excellence in Bengaluru, Mayank has also missed domestic action, neither featuring its Syed Mustakali trophy nor the ongoing Vijay Hazarya trophy. Though his constant injuries are a sign of worry, India will want to groom the young sir into a talented prospect for the future. Part of India's Triumph in T20 World Cup campaign, Shivam Dube has been axed from India's T20i squad for the Indian series. Shivam Dube amassed 133 runs in 8 innings in the 2020-20 World Cup batting at crucial junctures for India. Dube had missed the 3 match T20i series versus Bangladesh, owing to a back injury subsequently missing out on the 4 match T20i series versus South Africa. With the emergence of Nithish Reddy and experienced Hardik Pandya back in the mix, Dube will be well aware that making an India comeback will be as difficult as breaking into the side of the world. While keeping in mind BCCI's workload management policy, Rishabh Pants omission from the T20i squad doesn't come as a surprise. But a closer look at his wide ball returns off late, Mike Causer need to delve deep. With Sanju Samson's terrific run on return to India Colors, the Wicked Keeper batter is a certainty in the playing 11 against England. Also in the mix is the young Drew Jarell named as the second Wicked Keeper in the 15 man squad against England. Adding to India's plethora of keeping options, Kail Rahul might just lead the pack to come the 50 over format in the Champions trophy. All of this raises a question. What about Rishabh Pants? Will we see the swashbuckling Wicked Keeper donning the India blue soon? Which omission surprised you the most? Comment your thoughts below and keep following Krig bus for more such updates.